gh-145376: Fix null pointer deref in md5module.c (#145422)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-03-02-19-41-39.gh-issue-145376.OOzSOh.rst

> Fix double free and null pointer dereference in unusual error scenarios in :mod:`md5module` and :mod:`hmacmodule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix double free and null pointer dereference in unusual error scenarios
in :mod:`md5` and :mod:`hmac` modules.
```

Reviewer 2: Ah I forgot but `md5` has no public module. So you can say `hashlib` instead (because we are importing `_md5` from the (public) `hashlib`. FTR:

- hashlib.py -> relies on _hashlib (openssl), _md5, _sha1, etc (HACL*)
- hmac.py -> relies on _hashlib (openssl) and _hmac (HACL*)

Fix double free and null pointer dereference in unusual error scenarios

> in :mod:`md5` and :mod:`hmac` modules.

Author: ```suggestion
in :mod:`hashlib` and :mod:`hmac` modules.
```
